CADENCE IHNL11140
$model
bitslice_rv32Lib/pc/schematic pc
stdcell_rv32Lib/bit1/schematic bit1
stdcell_rv32Lib/mux6/schematic mux6
bitslice_rv32Lib/datapath/schematic datapath
PMOS_VTL PMOS_VTL
stdcell_rv32Lib/reg1w1/schematic reg1w1
stdcell_rv32Lib/reg2w32/schematic reg2w32
bitslice_rv32Lib/bitslice/schematic bitslice
bitslice_rv32Lib/shift/schematic shift
bitslice_rv32Lib/rs2_inverter/schematic rs2_inverter
stdcell_rv32Lib/nor2/schematic nor2
stdcell_rv32Lib/mux4/schematic mux4
stdcell_rv32Lib/mux2/schematic mux2
stdcell_rv32Lib/nand2/schematic nand2
NMOS_VTL NMOS_VTL
stdcell_rv32Lib/buf/schematic buf_
bitslice_rv32Lib/cmp/schematic cmp
stdcell_rv32Lib/bit2/schematic bit2
stdcell_rv32Lib/inv/schematic inv
stdcell_rv32Lib/trans/schematic trans
stdcell_rv32Lib/xnor2/schematic xnor2
bitslice_rv32Lib/pcadder/schematic pcadder
bitslice_rv32Lib/rd_mux/schematic rd_mux
stdcell_rv32Lib/fa/schematic fa
stdcell_rv32Lib/muxinv4/schematic muxinv4
bitslice_rv32Lib/alu/schematic alu
bitslice_rv32Lib/mem_mux/schematic mem_mux
stdcell_rv32Lib/muxinv2/schematic muxinv2
stdcell_rv32Lib/dlatch/schematic dlatch
bitslice_rv32Lib/regfile/schematic regfile
$endmodel
$net
vss! cds_globals.vss_
vdd! cds_globals.vdd_
$endnet
$param
$endparam
